buildDotnetModule: add support for local project references (#150066)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/dotnet.section.md

* `projectFile` has to be used for specifying the dotnet project file relative to the source root. These usually have `.sln` or `.csproj` file extensions. This can be an array of multiple projects as well.
* `nugetDeps` has to be used to specify the NuGet dependency file. Unfortunately, these cannot be deterministically fetched without a lockfile. This file should be generated using `nuget-to-nix` tool, which is available in nixpkgs.

> * `packNupkg` is used to pack project as a nupkg and save it in `$out/share`

Author: Added reference to `projectReferences` in `packNupkg` documentation entry, also added period at the end of the sentence in the updated commit.

> * `packNupkg` is used to pack project as a nupkg and save it in `$out/share`. If set to `true`, this derivation can be used as a dependency in `projectReferences` for another dotnet project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `packNupkg` is used to pack project as a `nupkg`, and installs it to `$out/share`. If set to `true`, the derivation can be used as a dependency for another dotnet project by adding it to `projectReferences`.
```

Author: fixed in the updated commit

> * `projectReferences` has to be used to resolve `ProjectReference` project items. Referenced projects can be packed with `buildDotnetModule` builder with `packNupkg=true` attribute and passed in a list in `projectReferences`. NuGet packages that are passed to `projectReferences` attribute are discovered by `nuget init` command.

Reviewer: For attributes that aren't strictly required for all derivations, we shouldn't word it as `has to be used`. 

I also think we shouldn't need to communicate how we instantiate these dependencies, since the process is entirely abstracted away. I might be missing a case where this information is useful though.

```suggestion
* `projectReferences` can be used to resolve `ProjectReference` project items. Referenced projects can be packed with `buildDotnetModule` by setting the `packNupkg = true` attribute and passing a list of derivations to `projectReferences`.
```

Author: fixed in the updated commit

* `dotnetBuildFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet build`.

> * `dotnetTestFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet test`.

Reviewer: Would you mind adding this comment? Just for consistency, seeing how it's also ran conditionally.
```suggestion
* `dotnetTestFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet test`. Used only if `doCheck` is set to `true`.
```

Author: fixed in the updated commit

* `dotnetInstallFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet install`.

> * `dotnetPackFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet pack`. Used only if `packNupkg` is set as `true`.

Reviewer: Just a tiny wording nit :)
```suggestion
* `dotnetPackFlags` can be used to pass flags to `dotnet pack`. Used only if `packNupkg` is set to `true`.
```

Author: fixed in the updated commit

* `dotnetFlags` can be used to pass flags to all of the above phases.

Here is an example `default.nix`, using some of the previously discussed arguments:
```nix
{ lib, buildDotnetModule, dotnetCorePackages, ffmpeg }:

let
  referencedProject = import ../../bar { ... };

> 

Reviewer: IIRC this is prefered by `nixpkgs-fmt`.
```suggestion
```

Author: fixed in the updated commit
